Improve protocols documentation (#14577)
python/mypy: docs/source/protocols.rst

==================================

Mypy supports two ways of deciding whether two classes are compatible
as types: nominal subtyping and structural subtyping.

*Nominal* subtyping is strictly based on the class hierarchy. If class ``D``
inherits class ``C``, it's also a subtype of ``C``, and instances of
``D`` can be used when ``C`` instances are expected. This form of
subtyping is used by default in mypy, since it's easy to understand
and produces clear and concise error messages, and since it matches
how the native :py:func:`isinstance <isinstance>` check works -- based on class
hierarchy.

> *Structural* subtyping can also be useful. Class ``D`` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Structural* subtyping is based on the operations that can be performed with an object. Class ``D`` is
```
If it wasn't useful we wouldn't include it, so instead briefly define the subject like we do for nominal above.

   def use(handles: int) -> None: ...

   mug = Mug()
   if isinstance(mug, Portable):  # Works at runtime!
      use(mug.handles)

:py:func:`isinstance` also works with the :ref:`predefined protocols <predefined_protocols>`
in :py:mod:`typing` such as :py:class:`~typing.Iterable`.

.. warning::
   :py:func:`isinstance` with protocols is not completely safe at runtime.
   For example, signatures of methods are not checked. The runtime

>    implementation only checks that all protocol members exist,

Reviewer: It also doesn't check attributes at all, only methods, if I recall correctly. That might be worth mentioning.
